Jim can you bring it okay hots on it
down a little bit you have the greatest
hair tom in the back how are you doing
Jerry they like me at work you want to
get a drink as a girl I like her are you
good with cats no the real question is
our cats good with me because they
pretty much owned us oh my god yeah
sometimes they talk to my pets and they
sometimes talk to me sometimes I get
that
get out your league just yeah yeah do
you ever hear a voice really Jerry hey
Fiona and horizon you're a ridiculous
person kill her and you will discover
what it feels like to be truly alive mr.
whiskers makes me bet you're totally
stop taking the pills didn't you don't
what taking the jack and uncheck Tommy
to go
like what you did to me pretty bad did
you I invited me out tonight pretty
complicated into human mind come back
[Music]
remember last week and you think there
is an invisible line that separates good
for label and copy Crossgate and I said
no no no you a good boy yeah I remember
so what about
[Music]